feat(app-check): added support for firebase app check (#747)
kreait/firebase-php: CHANGELOG-7.x.md

the SDK has introduced some breaking changes concerning parameter types, which should not affect your
project in most cases.

* Dropped support for not actively supported PHP versions. Supported PHP versions are 8.1.x and 8.2.x

> * Added direct dependency on `firebase/jwt`.

Reviewer: I wouldn't add dependency changes to the changelog. The firebase-jwt library was already included via the Google Auth Library anyway 😅 
```suggestion
```

> * Added support for verifying Firebase App Check Tokens. ([#693](https://github.com/kreait/firebase-php/issues/693))
> * Added support for generating Firebase App Check Tokens for a custom provider.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for generating and verifying Firebase App Check Tokens ([#747](https://github.com/kreait/firebase-php/issues/747))
```
